NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
ON "YU-GI-OH 5D's"!
HERE'S THE LOCATION
OF THE FOUR CONTROL STATIONS.
GIANT, HUMMINGBIRD,
LIZARD AND MONKEY.
THEY'RE PRETTY
SPREAD OUT.
WHAT'S THE PLAN?
HIT ALL THESE
UNITS ONE BY ONE?
THAT WOULD BE
A HUGE WASTE
OF TIME.
BESIDES A DUEL
IS ONE-ON-ONE.
WE'RE GOING TO
HAVE TO SPLIT UP
AND GO SOLO.
FOUR SIGNERS.
FOUR CONTROL
STATIONS.
IT'S A NO-BRAINER.
WHO KNOWS?
MAYBE THIS IS
MORE OF GOODWIN'S
DESTINY AT WORK.
THE LIZARD IS
MISTY'S MARK.
I'LL HEAD OVER
TO THAT STATION.
YUSEI!
NO!!
YUSEI'S JUST
GOTTA BE ALRIGHT!
AND HE IS.
YUSEI'S A SURVIVOR.
THAT MUCH WE KNOW.
WHAT WE DON'T KNOW
IS WHERE THIS
GLOWING LAKE
OF LIGHT TOOK HIM.
[THINKING]
SOME MYSTERY MAN
SAVES ME FROM A GANG
OF GRABBY GHOULS AND THEN
VANISHES WITHOUT A TRACE?
WHERE'S THAT
LIGHT COMING FROM?
I GOTTA FIND OUT.
LOOKS LIKE THIS IS
THE END OF THE ROAD.
Man: NO. THIS IS
JUST THE BEGINNING
FOR YOU, YUSEI.
WHY'D YOU SAVE ME FROM
THOSE SPIRITS EARLIER?
WHO ARE YOU?
WHO AM I?
YOU DON'T RECOGNIZE
YOUR OWN DAD?
FATHER?
BUT YOU'RE...
LISTEN TO ME, YUSEI,
THERE'S NOT MUCH TIME.
THERE IS STILL MUCH
FOR YOU TO DO BACK
IN THE SATELLITE SECTOR.
WAIT!
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
YOU ARE DESTINED
FOR GREAT THINGS.
BUT YOU MUST RISE
TO THAT GREATNESS
IF YOU ARE TO
ACHIEVE THEM.
FATHER!
DON'T LEAVE ME!
I WILL ALWAYS
BE WITH YOU.
NO, FATHER,
COME BACK!
Trudge: IS THAT...
Both: YEAH, IT'S YUSEI!
Crow: YUSEI,
OPEN YOUR EYES!
Leo: SAY SOMETHING!
I'M FINE. THANKS FOR LOOKING
OUT FOR ME, YOU GUYS.
NO PROB.
NOW TO LOOK OUT FOR
THE REST OF THE WORLD.
WE HAVE TO SEAL
THE REMAINING
TWO TOWERS BY SUNSET,
OR THE KING
OF THE NETHERWORLD
WILL RESURRECT!
HUH?
CHECK IT OUT, YUSEI!
DO YOU THINK THIS MEANS
THAT JACK WON HIS DUEL?
YEAH, SURE IT DOES!
THEN THERE'S JUST ONE
TOWER LEFT TO SEAL,
AND I HAVE A BAD FEELING
IT'S GOING TO BE
THE MOST DIFFICULT ONE
OF THEM ALL.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
TOBY, I MISS YOU.
Leo: THE ONLY
CONTROL TOWER LEFT
IS THE ONE AKIZA
WENT TO, RIGHT?
Yusei: YEAH,
BUT SHE NEEDS TO HURRY.
IF SHE DOESN'T TAKE
IT DOWN BEFORE SUNSET,
THE GATE TO
THE NETHERWORLD WILL OPEN.
[THINKING]
I HOPE AKIZA'S OKAY.
Akiza: I'VE DUELED
MISTY BEFORE.
SHE IS NOT
MY BIGGEST FAN.
YOU COULDN'T CARE LESS
ABOUT THE PEOPLE YOU
HURT, COULD YOU, AKIZA?
MY BROTHER IS GONE,
AND IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT.
WHAT EXACTLY HAPPENED
TO HER BROTHER?
I DON'T EVEN
KNOW WHO HE IS.
MAYBE SHE'S JUST GOT
YOU CONFUSED
WITH SOMEONE ELSE.
NO.
IT'S DEFINITELY
ME SHE'S AFTER.
AS FOR HER BROTHER,
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I DID,
BUT I CAN'T
WORRY ABOUT IT.
ALL THAT MATTERS
IS DEFEATING MISTY
AND SEALING THAT
CONTROL TOWER.
SHE'S GOTTA BE
IN THERE SOMEWHERE.
LET'S SPLIT UP.
IF PURPLE FIRE STARTS
TO SURROUND YOU,
YOU SHOULD...
YOU KNOW... RUN.
RIGHT.
[THINKING]
WHERE ARE YOU, MISTY?
WELL IT LOOKS LIKE
THEY GOT HERE OKAY.
Leo: WHAT IF THEY
DUELED ALREADY
AND AKIZA LOST?
Luna: LEO.
COME ON... LET'S GO
FIND OUR FRIENDS.
RUN-DOWN CARNIVALS
ARE NOT RIGHT.
THEY'RE SO CREEPY
WHEN THEY'RE EMPTY.
Man: YOU CAN SAY
THAT AGAIN.
WHO IS THAT!?
I DIDN'T MEAN
TO STARTLE YOU.
I WORK FOR
DIRECTOR GOODWIN.
THERE'S NO TIME
FOR ME TO EXPLAIN
THINGS HERE,
BUT I NEED YOU
TO COME WITH ME.
WHO ARE YOU?
ANYBODY HERE?
ALL YE ALL YE OXEN FREE!
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS?
AKIZA!
GLAD YOU COULD MAKE
IT, BLACK ROSE.
COME ON IN.
HA HA HA!
HEY!
AAH!
DON'T BOTHER
TRYING TO LEAVE.
MISTY?
IT'S JUST YOU AND ME,
BLACK ROSE.
WELCOME TO MY
HALL OF MIRRORS.
I WAS HOPING WE COULD
REFLECT ON THE PAST.
HA HA HA!
HA HA HA! HA HA HA!
HEY, AKIZA,
WHERE ARE YOU?
MINA!
LOOK OUT!
AAH!
HEY!
ARE YOU OKAY?
I AM, THANKS TO
YOUR HEADS UP.
WHO ARE YOU?
I'M WITH THE PUBLIC
SECURITY BUREAU. SEE?
DIRECTOR GOODWIN SENT ME
HERE TO FIND MISS AKIZA.
HE DID?
AND WHY DOES GOODWIN
WANT TO FIND AKIZA?
IT'S A NEED
TO KNOW THING.
AND AS OF NOW,
GOODWIN DOESN'T THINK
I NEED TO KNOW.
YOU KNOW HOW GOODWIN IS,
TALKING ALL CRYPTIC,
KEEPING EVERYONE
IN THE DARK.
THAT'S GOODWIN.
LET'S FIND AKIZA.
PREPARE YOURSELF.
IT'S TIME FOR US
TO FINISH WHAT WE
STARTED BEFORE.
I'M GONNA MAKE YOU FEEL
THE PAIN THAT I'VE
BEEN LIVING WITH.
I AM GONNA MAKE YOU PAY.
THERE'S NO GOING
BACK, AKIZA.
IF YOU REALLY WANT TO
SEAL THE CONTROL TOWER
SO THAT YOU CAN PLAY
GOODIE-TWO-SHOES N' SAVE
THE WORLD, THEN YOU ARE
GONNA HAVE TO MAKE YOUR
WAY THROUGH
MY LITTLE MAZE.
HA HA HA!
YOU DON'T
SCARE ME, MISTY.
BRING IT!
LET'S DUEL!
I'M GOING TO ENJOY
SENDING YOU
TO THE NETHERWORLD.
LET'S DO THIS... AND
SINCE THIS IS
THE HALL OF MIRRORS,
I THINK I'LL PLAY
THE MIRROR LABYRINTH
FIELD SPELL.
AND WITH THAT ACTIVATED
I THINK IT'S TIME
TO REMINISCE.
LET'S START BY OPENING
UP TO THE FIRST CHAPTER
OF MY SAD STORY...
SORROWFUL MEMORIES!
WHOA, HOW DID YOU??
Boy: HEY, YOU IN HERE, SIS??
I'M BACK FOR THE SUMMER!
Misty: TOBY!
CHECK IT OUT...
I GOT YOU
A BIRTHDAY PRESENT.
THANKS, BUT, UH... MY
BIRTHDAY WAS THREE
MONTHS AGO.
YOU KNOW THAT, RIGHT?
YEAH. BUT I WAS
AWAY AT SCHOOL.
SO, I MEAN... BETTER
LATE THAN NEVER, RIGHT?
IT'S BEAUTIFUL,
TOBY, THANK YOU.
I'LL PUT A PICTURE
OF YOU IN IT
AND WEAR IT
EVERYWHERE I GO.
OH, SO, HEY,
GUESS WHAT?
I WAS DOWN BY
THE PIER AND I SAW
SOMEONE DUELING.
SOMEONE
JUST LIKE ME.
YOU MEAN SOMEONE
WITH YOUR POWERS?
SHE'S, LIKE,
REALLY AWESOME.
HER NAME IS AKIZA.
SHE'S WITH THIS REALLY
COOL GROUP THAT CALLS
THEMSELVES
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT.
I AM NOT LIKING
THE SOUND OF THIS.
WHY NOT? WHY
SHOULDN'T I JOIN UP
WITH PEOPLE LIKE ME,
PEOPLE WHO'D
UNDERSTAND AND SUPPORT ME?
AS OPPOSED TO, LIKE,
MOM AND DAD WHO COULDN'T
DEAL AND JUST
SENT ME AWAY.
SO THAT'S HIM.
THAT'S HER
LITTLE BROTHER.
WITH SORROWFUL MEMORIES
IN PLAY, IF EITHER ONE
OF US DRAWS A MONSTER CARD
DURING OUR DRAW PHASE,
WE'LL HAVE TO RETURN
THE CARD TO OUR DECK
AND THEN RESHUFFLE
THE WHOLE THING.
IN OTHER WORDS, ONE-THIRD
OF OUR DECK IS NOW SEALED
AWAY LIKE A BAD MEMORY.
WHAT ABOUT THE CARDS
THAT WE ALREADY HAVE
IN OUR HANDS?
DO WE KEEP THOSE?
YES WE DO,
BUT BY SUMMONING
REPTILIANNE SERVANT
IN ATTACK MODE SOME ARE
RENDERED USELESS.
YOU SEE AS LONG AS
REPTILIANNE SERVANT
IS AROUND, NEITHER ONE OF
US CAN SUMMON A MONSTER
TO OUR FIELDS.
ARE YOU FEELING
HELPLESS, YET?
WELL WELCOME
TO MY WORLD.
GLAD TO BE HERE!
A MONSTER CARD.
THAT'S TOO BAD.
YOU'LL HAVE TO TUCK THAT
LITTLE GUY BACK INTO
YOUR DECK AND THEN SHUFFLE
UP AND FORGET ABOUT IT.
GUESS I'LL END
MY TURN AND PLACE ONE
CARD FACEDOWN.
THEN FOLLOW ME, AKIZA,
DEEPER INTO THE LABYRINTH.
HA HA HA!
ARE WE SURE AKIZA CAN
DEFEAT THIS DARK SIGNER?
YEAH... HAVE YOU
EVER SEEN HER DUEL?
NO, BUT I HEARD SHE WAS
TRAINED BY THE BEST.
ARE YOU TALKING
ABOUT SAYER?
THAT GUY WAS A CREEP.
I TAKE IT YOU HAVE
SPECIAL FEELINGS
FOR THIS GIRL.
WHY ELSE WOULD YOU
RISK COMING TO SUCH
A DANGEROUS PLACE?
SHE'S A FRIEND,
THAT'S ALL.
LET'S KEEP WALKING.
HEY!
WHAT, WHAT IS IT?
I SAW SOME MOVEMENT
IN THAT WINDOW!
WHAT?
AKIZA! MINA!
HUH?
MINA?
MINA, WHAT'S GOING ON?
MINA, CAN YOU HEAR ME?
OHH!
WHAT GIVES!?
"JUST A FRIEND,"
HUH?
AKIZA DOESN'T NEED
FRIENDS LIKE YOU
DRAGGING HER DOWN.
YOU DID THIS?
THE ONLY PERSON AKIZA
NEEDS IN HER LIFE IS ME.
I PLAY PSYCHIC SWORD!
NO WAY.
YES WAY.
YOU'RE
A PSYCHIC DUELIST?!
YES, AND I CAN SEE
THAT YOUR FUTURE'S
GONNA GET CUT SHORT.
WHO ARE YOU?
I'M THE LAST FACE
YOU'LL EVER SEE.
HA HA HA!
DON'T GET LOST, AKIZA.
[THINKING]
WHAT KIND OF MIND GAMES
ARE YOU TRYING TO PLAY
WITH ME, MISTY?
MY TURN NOW.
HA!
AND THE MEMORIES
JUST KEEP COMING.
I ACTIVATE THE NEXT CHAPTER
IN MY SAD STORY SPELL COMBO...
UNWAVERING TRUTH.
HEY, THIS IS
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT!
Toby: MISS AKIZA!
HI, UM, MY NAME
IS TOBY AND... AND I,
UM, I SAW YOU
DUEL THE OTHER DAY.
AND?
AND I SORTA SPOKE
TO YOU AFTERWARDS
AND, UH, YOU MENTIONED
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT,
SO, UH...
RIGHT, SO YOU'RE HERE TO
SEE WHAT WE'RE ALL ABOUT.
GO BOTHER SAYER, KID.
HE DEALS WITH
ALL THE NEWBIES.
I WASN'T ME
BACK THEN.
I DIDN'T MEAN
TO BE MEAN.
Misty: THAT'S NOT WHY
I'M ANGRY.
WHAT THEN?
IN DUE TIME, BUT FIRST,
WITH UNWAVERING TRUTH
IN PLAY,
IF EITHER ONE OF US
DRAWS A SPELL CARD
DURING THE DRAW PHASE,
THEN IT'S BACK
TO THE DECK
AND RESHUFFLE TIME,
SO IF YOU WERE PLANNING
ON USING SPELLS,
TOO BAD.
I THINK I SEE
WHERE THIS IS GOING.
[THINKING]
SHE'S HOPING TO MAKE IT
SO THAT WE CAN'T SUMMON
ANY MONSTERS OR PLAY ANY
SPELLS FROM OUR DECKS.
BUT WHY WOULD SHE RISK
BACKING HERSELF INTO
A CORNER AS WELL?
LET'S HAVE FUN...
REPTILIANNE SERVANT,
SHATTER HER LIFE POINTS!
HUH? UNH!
THIS'LL TEACH YOU!
WHAT IS YOUR
PROBLEM, BUDDY?!
WHY DON'T YOU WANT
ME TO HELP AKIZA?
BECAUSE SHE
BELONGS TO ME!
AND I WON'T LET YOU
AND YOUR FRIENDS
HAVE HER!
OH, SO YOU'RE HER
NUMBER ONE FAN.
WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY SO?
WELL I HATE TO BREAK
IT TO YA,
BUT SHE'S A LITTLE
TOO BUSY TO SIGN
AUTOGRAPHS RIGHT NOW.
ARE YOU MOCKING ME?!
NOBODY MOCKS ME!
UNH! AAH!
HA HA HA!
AKIZA IS DESTINED
FOR GREATNESS.
SHE CAN'T BE WASTING
HER TIME WITH YOU.
HEY, MINA, YOU OKAY?
TALK TO ME!
HA HA HA!
HOPE YOU CAN SWIM.
THIS IS BAD.
LOOK HOW SCARED YOU
ARE WHEN THE WORST IS
YET TO COME.
BECAUSE THE MIRROR
LABYRINTH FIELD SPELL IS
IN PLAY AND BECAUSE
REPTILIANNE SERVANT IS
ALL BY HIS LONESOME
OUT THERE ON THE FIELD,
IT CAN FOLLOW UP
THAT DIRECT ATTACK
WITH AN ENCORE!
REPTILIANNE SERVANT,
TAKE A BITE OUT OF HER
LIFE POINTS!
DON'T WORRY.
THAT'S ALL FOR NOW.
I DON'T WANNA FINISH
YOU OFF TOO QUICKLY.
IT'S YOUR MOVE, AKIZA.
[THINKING]
I COULD SUMMON ONE
OF THESE MONSTERS
IF IT WEREN'T
FOR REPTILIANNE
SERVANT.
I'VE GOTTA GET THAT
SNAKE OFF THE FIELD.
ALRIGHT, MISTY...
I DRAW!
I'M PLACING THIS
CARD FACEDOWN,
AND THAT'S THE
ONLY MOVE I'M
MAKING FOR NOW.
WELL! SOMEBODY DREW
A TRAP CARD.
THAT'S PRETTY FORTUNATE,
WOULDN'T YA SAY?
FOLLOW ME IF YOU WANT
THE CHANCE TO PLAY IT.
I HAVE TO WARN YOU
THIS NEXT PART IS
PRETTY EMOTIONAL.
YOU SEE, EVERY SAD STORY
NEEDS A GUT-WRENCHING CLIMAX,
FULL OF HEARTBREAK
AND LOSS.
SO I'M ACTIVATING THE
ATROCIOUS DAY SPELL CARD
FROM MY HAND.
REMEMBER WHEN YOU LOST
CONTROL AND TORE UP
DOWNTOWN DOMINO?
TOBY WENT TO SEE
YOU DUEL THAT DAY,
AND I NEVER
SAW HIM AGAIN.
SO YOU THINK THAT...
THERE'S NO WAY.
IT CAN'T BE, IT...
THERE WERE NO
CASUALTIES THAT DAY,
THE INVESTIGATION SAID!
OH, RIGHT,
THE INVESTIGATION
THAT WAS FUNDED
BY KICKBACKS N' BRIBES
FROM THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT.
I'M SURE THERE WASN'T
ANY COVER-UP THERE.
NO. NO WAY.
ACCEPT IT ALONG
WITH THE FACT
THAT FROM THIS MOMENT ON
MY SAD STORY SPELL COMBO
PREVENTS US FROM DRAWING
ANY NEW CARDS LIKE
SOMEONE WHO'S LOST
SOMEONE THEY CARE ABOUT
AND WHO CAN'T FIND
THE STRENGTH TO MOVE FORWARD
WITHOUT THEM.
ALL WE HAVE NOW IS
WHAT'S IN OUR HANDS.
SO SHOW ME, BLACK ROSE,
WHAT ARE YOU HOLDING
IN YOUR HAND?
HEH HEH HEH.
HA HA HA!
THERE WASN'T
A COVER-UP,
AND I DIDN'T HURT
YOUR BROTHER.
I'M GONNA SHOW
YOU THE TRUTH!
AND I'LL START
BY ACTIVATING
ILLUSION DESTRUCTION!
THIS TRAP TAKES
A FACEUP CARD
AND FLIPS IT
FACEDOWN.
DID YOU KNOW
REPTILIANNE SERVANT
GETS DESTROYED
WHENEVER IT'S THE TARGET
OF A SPELL OR A TRAP?
OR IS THAT JUST
CLASSIC AKIZA...
YOU DON'T KNOW
OR CARE WHO YOU HURT
WITH YOUR POWER.
I'M SORRY ABOUT
YOUR BROTHER,
BUT WHAT YOU'RE
SAYING HAPPENED
DIDN'T HAPPEN.
YOU'RE JUST BELIEVING
WHAT YOU WANT
TO BELIEVE, MISTY,
AND THAT'S
'CAUSE YOU'RE LOOKING
FOR SOMEONE TO BLAME.
YOU'RE THE ONE
IN DENIAL...
YOU'RE LYING TO YOURSELF.
NO I'M NOT!
AND NOW THE SAD
STORY ENDS
WITH SORROWFUL CHAIN.
STOP. I DON'T WANNA
SEE THIS ANYMORE.
I COULDN'T DEAL
WITH LOSING MY
LITTLE BROTHER.
I FELT SO
HELPLESS AND ALONE.
AND THEN...
AAH!
THAT NIGHT, I WAS REBORN
AS A DARK SIGNER.
AND IT'S ALL
BECAUSE OF YOU.
ANYONE!
IS ANYONE UP THERE?!
LOOKS LIKE A PUBLIC
SECURITY BUREAU ID.
WHAT'S IT DOING HERE?
OHH! THAT'S MINA'S ID!
AND THAT'S
A JACK ATLAS STICKER!
AAH!
THAT'S IT, IT IS
ON, JACK ATLAS!!
Mina: HELP!
SOMEONE, HELP US!
MINA!
I'M HERE, MINA!
WHAT IF THIS
IS TRUE?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THAT SAYER
WOULD LIE TO ME,
BUT IF IT'S TRUE,
IF I HURT HER BROTHER,
WHO ELSE COULD
I HAVE HURT?
OHH!
AAH!
PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER.
WHO'RE YOU?
THE ONLY FRIEND
YOU'LL EVER NEED.
YOUR VOICE.
IT'S ME, AKIZA.
SAYER!
BUT... BUT WHEN
THE ARCADIA BUILDING
WAS DESTROYED,
YOU...
I THOUGHT YOU WERE LOST
TO THE NETHERWORLD.
WHAT HAPPENED?
I MEAN... HOW ARE
YOU HERE RIGHT NOW?
GET BACK
ON YOUR FEET, AKIZA.
I CAN'T DO THIS.
LISTEN, AKIZA.
WHEN YOU FIRST CAME TO ME,
I COULD SENSE THAT
YOUR TRUE POWER WAS TOO
MUCH FOR YOU TO HANDLE.
FEARING THAT YOU'D TAP
INTO IT BEFORE YOU WERE
READY AND DESTROY
YOURSELF,
I USED MY PSYCHIC ABILITIES
TO SEAL IT AWAY AND BURY IT
DEEP INSIDE OF YOU,
BUT YOUR TRUE POWER
CAN BE AWOKEN
WITH ONE LITTLE SENTENCE.
AKIZA, DID YOU HEAR?
"THE ENTRANCE TO THE
NETHERWORLD WORLD IS
ON THE WITCH'S ISLAND."
HA HA HA!
THAT'S IT, AKIZA.
THAT'S THE SPIRIT!
THAT'S MY GIRL,
RIGHT THERE!
NOW DUEL THIS PATHETIC
CRETIN AND SHOW THE WORLD
YOUR REAL POWER!
I HEAR YOU, MINA!
WHERE ARE YOU?!
Yusei: TRUDGE!
DOWN HERE!
HUH?
OFFICER TRUDGE!
OPEN THE HATCH, QUICK!
ANY DAY NOW, TRUDGE.
OH, EASY FOR YOU
TO SAY!
YOU FINALLY REVEALED
YOUR TRUE SELF, THIS...
JUST MAKE YOUR MOVE.
I ACTIVATE THE SORROWFUL
CHAIN TRAP CARD.
SINCE SORROWFUL MEMORIES,
UNWAVERING TRUTH
AND ATROCIOUS DAY ARE ALL
GATHERED ON MY FIELD
AS WELL, MY SAD LITTLE
STORY IS NOW COMPLETE.
AND I NOW HAVE THE POWER
TO SUMMON DRAGON QUEEN
OF TRAGIC ENDINGS!
Computer: DRAGON QUEEN OF TRAGIC
ENDINGS IS A LEVEL SIX
DARK ATTRIBUTE MONSTER
WITH 1900 ATTACK POINTS
AND 2600 DEFENSE POINTS.
ARE YOU SMILING, AKIZA?
WELL YOU WON'T BE
AFTER THIS NEXT ATTACK!
DRAGON QUEEN OF TRAGIC
ENDINGS, BLOW AWAY
AKIZA'S LIFE POINTS!
GO, TRAGEDY STREAM!
AND NOW, SINCE YOU
TOOK BATTLE DAMAGE,
ONE OF DRAGON QUEEN
OF TRAGIC ENDINGS'
SPECIAL ABILITIES
WILL BE KICKING IN.
YOU HAVE TO SELECT A CARD
IN YOUR HAND AND SEND IT
TO YOUR GRAVEYARD.
TIME TO WAVE BYE-BYE.
YEAH, FINE,
WHATEVER.
TAKE HEDGE GUARD.
AND NOW, THANKS TO
ANOTHER ONE OF DRAGON
QUEEN'S ABILITIES,
I'M ABLE
TO DRAW ANOTHER CARD.
SINCE THIS ISN'T
THE DRAW PHASE,
SAD STORY HAS NO EFFECT,
SO I'LL BE HANGING
ON TO THIS ONE.
I END MY TURN.
MY MOVE THEN.
I DRAW.
NOT THAT IT MATTERS
WHAT IT IS SINCE
I'VE GOTTA
DISCARD IT.
AND HONESTLY, NOT
THAT I CARE EITHER.
AFTER ALL, I'M ABOUT
TO SUMMON WITCH
OF THE BLACK ROSE
FROM MY HAND.
AND SINCE THIS MONSTER
WAS SUCCESSFULLY
SUMMONED,
I'M ABLE TO DRAW
ANOTHER CARD
FROM MY DECK.
BUT IF THE CARD I DRAW
IS ANYTHING OTHER THAN
A MONSTER CARD,
WITCH OF THE BLACK
ROSE'LL DESTROY IT.
BUT IF IT IS
A MONSTER CARD,
THIS ISN'T
THE DRAW PHASE,
SO YOUR SAD STORY
WILL HAVE NO EFFECT.
TWO CAN PLAY
AT THIS GAME, MISTY.
GOT IT!
THIS IS ROSE FAIRY,
AND WHEN ROSE FAIRY
MOVES FROM MY DECK
TO MY HAND
'CAUSE OF AN EFFECT,
I CAN INSTANTLY
SUMMON IT!
AND NOW WITCH
OF THE BLACK ROSE
GIVES ROSE FAIRY
A LITTLE TUNE-UP!
I'M DONE LISTENING
TO YOU WHINE, MISTY.
THIS ENDS HERE!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON...
BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
OHH!
WHAT'S THAT?!
AAH! AAH!
[GROANING]
YOU PICKED THE WRONG
GIRL TO HOLD A GRUDGE
AGAINST, MISTY.
GOOD, AKIZA. DESTROY
EVERYONE IN YOUR WAY,
AND THEN SOON, YOU
AND I ARE GOING TO REVIVE
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT
TOGETHER! HA HA HA!
[GROWLING]